Add "standards" section to the docs (#13)
iiasa/ece-docs: standards/countries.rst

.. _countries:

A common list of countries
==========================

Having a standardized list of country names is an important prerequisite for region
definitions, scenario analysis and model comparison.

> The :class:`nomenclature` package (`read the docs`_) builds on the :class:`pycountry`

Reviewer: Since nomenclature and pycountry are not classes, sphinx recommends using :py:mod: (https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/domains/python.html#role-py-mod):
```suggestion
The :py:mod:`nomenclature` package (`read the docs`_) builds on the :py:mod:`pycountry`
```

> package to provide a standardized list if country names based on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package to provide a standardized list of country names based on the
```

EDIT: Having read this paragraph further, you do link the full set of changes, below. I'd put it here, maybe in addition to below.

`ISO 3166-1 standard`_.

> For consistency with established conventions in the modelling community, several country

Reviewer: I would list them all instead of mentioning just one and leaving the other ones ambiguous.

Author: Disagree, this is bound to lead to mistakes at some point because we forget to keep this in sync. An alternative would be to build this on the fly from the python mapping, but that's beyond my capacity at the moment.

Reviewer: Fair point, the link to GitHub always points to the full set anyway.

names are shortened compared to ISO 3166-1, e.g. from "Bolivia, Plurinational State of"

> to "Bolivia". Also, "Kosovo" is added (with *alpha_3* code "KOS", following the

Reviewer: I would put a line break here to make it clear that this is different to changing the name of a country:
```suggestion
to "Bolivia".
Also, "Kosovo" is added (with *alpha_3* code "KOS", following the
```

`IOC <https://olympics.com/ioc/kosovo>`_), even though it is not a universally
recognized state and not oficially included in ISO 3166-1.
See the full list of changes on GitHub_.

> You can access the list of countries via the model-registration `Excel template`_.

Reviewer: I just checked and the template currently does not reflect the most recent change of adding an ISO3 code for Kosovo. 
I opened an issue in nomenclature (https://github.com/IAMconsortium/nomenclature/issues/376)

Author: Good point, but not related to this PR.

> The :class:`nomenclature` package also provides utility functions to work with the

Reviewer: Since nomenclature is not a class, Sphinx recommends using `:py:mod:` instead (https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/domains/python.html#role-py-mod):
```suggestion
The :py:mod:`nomenclature` package also provides utility functions to work with the
```
